Interning at PromoterMotor was a huge opportunity that allowed me to gain vital experience within the business field. Specifically, I was able to collaborate with both my team and other departments to implement strategies and solutions to better promote nonprofits and their social causes. The culture at PromoterMotor is unlike any other, and under Ben’s leadership and guidance, the company is constantly working to improve its ability to support clients and their missions in order to benefit society. Throughout my time here, I felt that the inclusive environment and forward-thinking attitude of the company allowed me to implement solutions and automate different processes, allowing me to build on my college skillset. I am grateful for the opportunity that PromoterMotor provided to create such an enriching and fulfilling experience for me. Thank you so much!
Working for PromoterMotor has been a remarkable opportunity for me. During my time here, I gained much more than I initially anticipated. The training program was diverse and included collaboration with multiple departments, fostering personal and professional growth through project-based learning. This experience challenged me to develop not only web development skills but also to think like a business person, identifying effective strategies to increase conversion rates and attract clients through websites. The friendly culture at PromoterMotor, under Ben's exceptional leadership, has been phenomenal. Ben provided constant feedback throughout my internship, which has helped me improve significantly. I also appreciated the freedom to come up with my own ideas and implement them using the skillset I acquired in college. PromoterMotor taught me crucial lessons in sales and communication with clients while instilling a sense of professionalism and teamwork. I am incredibly grateful to PromoterMotor for providing such an enriching experience that has broadened my skills and knowledge. Thank you so much!
My business internship had a range of training aspects and was project-based. For example, during my time, I analyzed sales communication to identify effective strategies to increase conversion rates. I also developed a process to project impressions for campaigns for prospective and current clients. The freedom I had in designing my processes and analyses made me feel very proud of the final results as I knew that it was mainly my own work. I was glad my projects we appreciated by the company. I grew the skills I wanted to improve because I chose the projects I worked with. Throughout my experience, Mr. Ashpole showed exceptional leadership. He gave valuable feedback as well as objective advice while remaining calm and collected. Also, due to the company’s openness to international students, there was a large diversity in the interns’ backgrounds. This made networking meetings interesting and helped find creative solutions. Overall, this internship has helped me to grow individually and professionally.
As an intern for Bashpole, I worked on finding nonprofits who could benefit from our services and reaching out to set up sales meetings. I learned a lot about sales methodologies, effective writing and communication, and coming up with new business strategies. I greatly enjoyed working with a team of interns to brainstorm new ideas and provide feedback on each other’s work. The internship overall is a great way to get practical experience in a specific field. The flexibility of the internship allows you to divide up your time and focus your efforts on what you’re truly interested in.
Interning for Bashpole has been a fantastic experience. From assisting both the Marketing 1B team and the Business 2B team, I can say every day is a new experience. In such a short amount of time, you have the chance to work on multiple projects and with a diverse team. If you are looking for a place you can make a difference, Bashpole is for you. The projects you do not only impacts your nonprofit clients but also the company as a whole. It is not every place you have the chance to be mentored by the CEO. Here is a place where your thoughts, your opinions, and your feedback matters.
My internship has been a great experience! I’ve been able to participate in all aspects of the company’s sales process and work collaboratively with others on meaningful tasks and projects. I’m most proud of being able to help expand the company’s prospecting procedures and processes, and I am grateful that the company culture was one of knowing that your perspective is always valued. I will take forward with me not only lessons about sales but also collaboration and professionalism. Thank you so much for the opportunity!
It has truly been a privilege to be a part of Bashpole, more specifically, the Business2B team, and help nonprofits help make a difference in this world. In such a short amount of time, you come out having gained much experience for your career path, which is bound to be anyone’s case, as long as you take advantage of every opportunity offered. For my particular position, I not only had to find a prospect we could work with but meet with them and, through Ben’s presentation, witness how we communicate and gain a client. You have the opportunity to connect with the CEO at least once a week. He is a great mentor who guides you in various ways to improve your work, listens to your feedback, and is willing to make improvements from your advice to grow stronger as a company. Ben is also keen on ensuring you understand why he assigns you and your team certain tasks so that you all see the value behind them and complete it successfully. As a future entrepreneur, this has also been a great experience in learning how business people should run more businesses, valuing everyone who makes part of it to all meet eye to eye and achieve its purpose. The environment here is very inviting; everyone welcomes you with open arms and is willing to meet with you to ensure you are settled in and clear on your role. You and your work will never go unnoticed here, and I advise you to apply. You won' t regret it!
The best part of this internship is the experience of working with the team, from not knowing anything at the beginning to gradually getting used to analyzing and exporting data on Google Ads and Google Analytics and analyzing essential data indicators in spreadsheets. When we encountered problems in our work, we discussed the problem together and came up with various solutions and finally determined the best solution. This team collaboration experience was precious; the team environment also motivated me to develop my potential and learn new knowledge on my own, which is also valuable.
It is a great experience to work with Bashpole. I learned a lot about using Google Sheets, Google Docs, Google Analytics, and Google Ads. From this internship, I deepened my understanding of the importance of group work. My colleagues are the source of power to motivate you and push you to do better. When I was working with my group members, I felt my efficiency was at its highest. The training the company provided offered me a fresh taste about the real world and gave me a sense of professionalism when doing tasks. In the end, the supervisors were all very nice and willing to offer help! They made me believe: we are always a family!
I got a very precious internship experience in Bashpole. I joined the Business 2A team for a three-and-a-half-month internship. During this period, I learned all-around usage skills of Google spreadsheets and helped the company build a lot of practical spreadsheets. I also gained a detailed understanding of the two tools of Google: the use of Google Ads and Google Analytics, and the acquisition and analysis of target website data. During the internship, I enjoyed a wealth of experience and understanding of remote cooperation between the company and the team. During the meetings with clients, I gained the ability to record and extract key points and experience in customizing different goals for several clients. Extracting and processing data from the website and producing feedback for customers’ case studies were also an important part of my work. This was a very meaningful internship experience that exposed me to real-world cases that successfully helped me transition from school with real-world work.
It was truly a pleasant journey interning at Bashpole this summer. I was able to work closely with my supervisor, my teammates from Business 2A, and some other amazing employees and interns from different teams. I have worked on various types of projects that allow me to stretch my understanding of not only analytics, but also some understanding of business, marketing, and communication. On top of working with current clients, I also got to meet many new prospects and hear their stories which are very inspiring and eye-opening. Learning about different nonprofit’s missions and values are something unique to this internship, and I was glad to be part of a team that offered help and advise to them. The experience at Bashpole extended beyond just finishing what was assigned to me; it allowed me to plan out projects and proceed with some creativity. The remote working environment also taught me to pace my work time and strengthened my time-management skill. At Bashpole, I gained skills that I know will benefit me throughout my career.
The experience of working in the business strategy team is very interesting. As interns, we are given freedom in expressing our ideas and actually working them out step by step. For example, our team has evaluated the ROI and SROI of nonprofits, created metrics, and quantified their social impacts with marketing funnels. We have also tracked conversions on Google Analytics and wrote case studies for summarizing their performances and continued social impacts. The people there are all very nice, and I am lucky to work with so many awesome people in my team.
Bashpole has not only provided an exceptional professional experience as a business intern, but also an invaluable company culture that is crucial for growth. I had the pleasure of working and collaborating with an extremely diverse team from all over the world, as well as the CEO himself in weekly meetings. As a business intern, I had the opportunity to interview directors and executives of several nonprofits across the nation, as well as participate in sales meetings and discussions from other departments. I had the opportunity to share and work on my own thoughts and ideas through discussion with Ben and other teammates. Bashpole fosters an encouraging and growth-oriented culture that is critical to any aspiring team member, new to the workforce or not.
I would recommend Bashpole to anyone in pursuing a business related degree, especially if they are looking to take initiative and gain leadership skills. Since Bashpole is in a growing phase, there are opportunities to take the lead on projects ranging from Sales strategy to Investment to more. My supervisor was accommodating and open to intern’s ideas and project proposals.
I enjoyed my time with Bashpole tremendously as I was able to connect with people all over the world and enhance my data analysis skills. From on-boarding to off-boarding, the process and expectations were very clearly laid out with flexibility for us to individualize our work as well as improve it for future interns. I can not speak highly enough of Ben’s leadership and how much I gained from this internship experience.
My internship at Bashpole has been a great journey. I worked with my team on a variety of projects that made the investment processes more transparent for nonprofits. I learned a lot about marketing by digging into Google Ads and Analytics, discussing concepts such as ROI and Social Impact, and creating case studies that are based on our analyses. The position allowed me to think creatively, take initiatives, and engage in conversations directly with clients, supervisors, and talk with anyone in the company. The culture at Bashpole encourages me to be bold in ideas and effective in actions, which has brought me huge personal growth. The people here are friendly and willing to connect, and I’ve established great relationships here.
My time at Bashpole as an intern was one of extreme growth. I worked with a team on meaningful projects aimed at helping nonprofit organizations better understand their return on investment. The culture at Bashpole includes a large amount of collaboration and teamwork. It was a gratifying experience being able to work so closely with other interns and supervisors to reach a common goal. I feel that my internship with Bashpole has made me better prepared for my professional career, and I am greatly appreciative of the relationships I made here.
As an intern, I really appreciated the help of the teammates, and I think teamwork played an important role in my internship. Also, since the case study was a new task for the whole team, I very much enjoyed aggregating the team’s ideas to show them in the case study. Then, during the monthly meeting with clients, it was very satisfying to hear the clients praising the case study as good work.
I could see how every project and task I was able to work on at Bashpole actively added value to the company and its clients. This was a great opportunity to practice thinking creatively, taking initiative, and communicating effectively to peers, the supervisor, and clients. There was a good balance between being able to independently explore different tasks and also having frequent check-in meetings to ask questions and receive guidance. The internship allowed me to be challenged, refine my skills, and continue to grow.
My internship at Bashpole has been a great adventure. I have learned so much from working with my talented peers as well as meeting with nonprofit executives to learn about their missions, their needs, and what we can do to help them make a difference in the world. I really appreciate the opportunity Ben provides our team to develop new ideas, convert them to actionable projects, and really utilize our work as deliverables for the clients. As an intern at Bashpole, I was able to improve my business acumen, my problem-solving skills, project management skills and communication skills, while developing a better understanding of the industry. If you are interested in working with nonprofits and develop essential skills in the business field, this is a great place to learn and grow as a professional, and more importantly, you will be given the opportunity to make a difference.
This internship is a fantastic first experience for undergraduates who are searching for a clearer picture of what they want to do with their lives. Before this opportunity, I knew I wanted to pursue business, but I didn’t know much more than that. Although I don’t think this line of work is exactly what I want to pursue out of college, it has allowed me a chance to sharpen the tools — communication, critical thinking, leadership, teamwork — that are necessary for any career path I may choose. I have seen immense personal growth thanks to this opportunity and the mentorship Ben has provided. In many companies, interns are just another cog in a colossal machine; at Bashpole, you are an integral part of the team and have the capability to bring about real change. I would urge anyone who wants to make a difference to seriously consider this opportunity.
I enjoyed my time at Bashpole, particularly all the bright people that I was surrounded by in my consulting team. This was a good opportunity to gain exposure to nonprofit executives in a variety of areas. This internship is flexible and allows interns to decide when in the week to complete their assignments to fit their schedule. I was able to greatly improve my communication and collaboration skills, while getting frequent feedback.
My time at Bashpole has been invaluable by creating newskills, building upon previous ones, creating an ever-growing network, andbeing able to bolster the resume of anyone who takes this position. Knowingyour work is going towards a worthy cause and having the opportunity to speakwith high-level individuals like CEO’s of nonprofits that gross over $100 million in revenue each year is rewarding in its own right.
I was amazed by how efficiently our team worked together under the working from home model. Working at Bashpole is not a boring experience with trivial stuff. I was doing really meaningful work and learned from challenges with the team together. There are lots of spaces for one to lead and explore.
Working as an intern at Bashpole is a wonderful experience for me. I would like to express my purest gratitude to Ben for all the guidance and support during the internship. I have gained valuable experience in solving real business problems with skills improvement, especially for data analysis. The work culture is very appealing to me. Everyone can work on the projects based on their interests and have the opportunity to lead the project. And our opinions are welcome and count at work. It’s also amazing to work with a group of talented people and network with other students from different backgrounds. It’s a great opportunity to improve speaking, leadership, and collaboration skills.
My internship at Bashpole was an extremely positive experience and I am so thankful to Ben for giving me the opportunity to work with him and his exceptional team this past summer. As a market research intern, I spoke with nonprofit executives about the various challenges they were facing due to the pandemic and possible solutions that they could implement to mitigate these. I met a lot of great people who are doing such meaningful work around the world through my role at Bashpole. I learned a lot from these men and women and hope to maintain the relationships I have made with them and their organizations going forward. This summer, I gained a deeper understanding of nonprofits’ roles in society and feel I was able to make a real impact not only on nonprofits, but the people they serve, as well. I was proud to be a Bashpole intern knowing that I was a part of a team of passionate and driven individuals that were dedicated to helping populations that were disproportionately impacted by the pandemic.
This internship opportunity was a great experience for me. I really enjoyed working with the other interns, and the culture of this internship is welcoming and encourages positive communication. Having a structure in place to network with my colleagues was great and helpful in assisting the connections that I made. Fellow colleagues were great to work alongside and work through the steps involved in this internship, and were a great resource to reach out to with any questions. I enjoyed the projects I worked on and the teams I was a part of. I also appreciated starting the internship with another intern, and was able to specifically work through the onboarding process with someone else. I really enjoyed speaking with nonprofit leaders through this internship, and I think it has improved my communication skills.
Over my summer internship at Bashpole, I collaborated with interns and full-time staff on a wide range of projects, from troubleshooting software issues on Agile CRM to calculating the ROI of our Ad Grants Management. Individually, I researched the tax returns of potential customers to ascertain which organizations to target down the line. This gave me the flexibility to explore individual projects with the support of experienced professionals. Additionally, the variety of the training keeps everybody on their feet and forces you to continuously learn new skills. Plus, you can work in your PJs! But, the biggest plus of the whole experience is the relationships you gain with other students and employees who are all working together to make the world a better place.
My experiences at Bashpole were indispensable in teaching me how to solve real problems that real businesses face. I received the opportunity to expand my tech skill set while also receiving input on managing my time, prioritizing tasks, and coordinating my work with others. I would certainly recommend this position to anyone who wants to work remotely while still enjoying a sense of camaraderie with co-workers. If you are interested in marketing or the tech world, this is a great place to grow as a professional.