My Digital Design internship was a successful experience in bringing my ideas to a group of many individuals with a wide range of skills and backgrounds to apply feedback. PromoterMotor allowed me to contribute to materials such as a home page design and a collaborative book being written. The company environment and my relationship with my peers and supervisors were always comfortable.
Interning at Bashpole taught me several soft and hard skills that I will carry with me throughout my career and personal life. I had the opportunity to meet people from various places in the world, learning about each of their different perspectives, goals, and interests. In terms of my profession, I learned how to apply user experience (UX) design and the iterative design thinking process throughout Bashpole’s main software product, PromotorMotor. Bashpole will always have a special place in my heart as a company that strove for my success, valued my ideas, and cherished me as an individual.
During my time at Bashpole, I not only learned a lot about design and UI/UX but also about responsibility and how to collaborate in a workplace environment. I regularly met with interns in other departments and learned about their projects, which further helped me in my own work. I appreciated the responsibility, trust, and creative control that I was given during my internship. My suggestions and ideas were valued, and all interactions and discussions were positive and constructive. Aside from the work itself, our all-intern meetings taught me valuable lessons for how to function when we enter the workplace after graduation.
When I first joined Bashpole, I was unsure and didn’t know what to expect. But at the end of it all, I can confidently say that interning at Bashpole has taught me so much about company culture, working in a team, and what it’s like to work in the real world. Everyday there were things to do or meetings to attend. I was never sitting around or waiting, all the work I did was important to the company. The company is also extremely welcoming and encourages us to network with other interns. If I could sum up my entire internship into one word it would be rewarding.
Since even before the beginning of my time at Bashpole, the company page on our website explicitly states this will not be an internship for those who are expecting a coffee-fetching internship. Bashpole has followed through their promise of a meaningful and fully-immersive experience in which interns learn a lot about the company, expectations of their role, and themselves as an employee in the workforce. In following through on their promise, supervisors value honesty and speaking up when there is a need to further delve into a topic, instruction, etc. I have found that the supervisors and interns alike see every employee as a human capable of great contributions. One of the ultimate pleasures I have had working here is working with employees who have a willingness to drop what they are doing and help others who request their assistance.
I came into Bashpole Software looking for an opportunity to apply my skills in a professional environment. I was able to accomplish just this and even more. I was welcomed into a company full of kind and caring interns and supervisors. I felt like a valuable member of the team and was able to expand my design skills while networking with interns from all around the world. I appreciated how there was a form of direct communication with my supervisor. I was able to readily receive helpful suggestions on my work and advice for my future career. I definitely learned a lot as an intern and know that in the future, I will apply the skills I learned through my projects at Bashpole.
My experience this summer was a growing one. I worked on meaningful projects and topics that interest me. I was nervous, being that this was my first full-time summer internship, but Ben and the whole team made great efforts to make me feel welcome and heard. In a virtual space, the company culture is motivating and friendly. The team meetings were a safe place to share and ask questions. I gained the knowledge and skills that I wouldn’t have developed in class. I will definitely take all these lessons for my future opportunities.
My 13-week internship at Bashpole has been a great learning experience for me. I want to first express my thanks to Ben and my teammates for making this internship great. The best part of my summer is that I was able to work on several projects with the choice of my interests. I was grateful for the opportunity to explore designing mock-ups, creating landing pages, and advertising with Google Ads. Seeing the pages and the ads I created being online is very rewarding. If you want to work on real-life projects that make lasting impacts, Bashpole is the right place. Plus, the culture here is collaborative – everyone is encouraged to speak up during a meeting and network with other interns from all teams. I enjoyed connecting with other interns and learning more about their cool projects. Finally, I always feel our work is appreciated as Ben gave accomplishments frequently, letting us know that our work is beneficial, both for nonprofits and for Bashpole.