“My time at PromoterMotor was truly unlike any other. Priding themselves on actually teaching their interns and staying committed to challenge themselves, I couldn’t express my gratitude enough for an experience like this. From the start, I was warmly welcomed and now with an exciting and bittersweet moment, I can truly say that this company values professionalism, expertise, and most importantly those who have the courage to speak up and take the initiative to go above and beyond. Their willingness and transparency give me confidence in my future. I wholeheartedly recommend others to join the amazing company that is PromoterMotor!”
“The experience at Bashpole Software both as a Market Research and then a Human Resources Intern has been nothing short of astounding. If you’re someone who wants to tackle real-world challenging problems and be able to translate what you learned in your classroom experiences to solve these kinds of problems, working at Bashpole Software is a great opportunity. As a result of how hands-on the work is here, and the crucial need for creative and analytical thinking that is required, I was able to pick up and develop various skills that have given me a leg up in other areas of my professional career. I would highly recommend working here to anyone who is looking for professional growth and the opportunity to solve problems that make a difference, especially as they relate to the non-profit sector and various noble causes. As I depart, I can fondly look back at my time here and link back a lot of my success both in school and the workplace to what I was able to learn from here.” 
“My time with PromoterMotor has been one of the most rewarding experiences I have had. I cannot say enough positive things about the culture at Bashpole, my peers, the CEO Ben Ashpole, and the Human Resources Internship Experience 2. In this role, I was able to get hands-on experience in a number of ways; reviewing resumes and applications, writing contractor and internship descriptions, improving upon our existing staff tracking system, and my personal favorite, interviewing candidates. I was pleasantly surprised that when I joined the team, I was able to immediately begin seeing that my participation at Bashpole made a difference. One of my favorite parts of being with Bashpole is having the opportunity for my voice to be heard and being encouraged to speak up when necessary. Ben and my peers were always so supportive, encouraging, and open to hearing my thoughts and suggestions. I thoroughly enjoyed my time with this organization and I’d recommend this internship to any student looking to gain valuable hands-on experience.”
“Bashpole Software, Inc. was my first internship journey in the United States. I was extremely grateful for this opportunity. The CEO Ben who was my supervisor really supported and helped me a lot. He is humble as a person, professional as a leader, and open-minded as a supervisor, so I felt the strong sense of encouragement while working and meeting with him. My peers also did a great job, and I enjoyed working and collaborating with them, too. One of my peers that I worked with and appreciated the most was always kind, supportive, and influenced me a lot. I liked the environment because the people all strongly showed their professionalism and their work ethic! Specifically, I liked the way that all training sheets are listed clearly and logically, so I didn’t feel confused. The remote aspect also gave me flexibility to achieve work/life balance. Bashpole was a fully remote company for a long while even before this pandemic, so it has a mature system of remote working and for online communication. Also, the RoT training book is also one of my highly recommended items from Bashpole — it teaches interns about workplace strategies and ethics. Finally, my supervisor was especially supportive at the beginning when helping me pursue my internship visa and connecting with my school. He used his behavior to teach me the importance of always being respectful to the commitment. I appreciated this internship experience on many levels. Thank you!” 
“My experience with Bashpole was such an enjoyable and useful one. I believe that it is extremely valuable to a student, and I really enjoyed the company’s culture of continuous improvement that embraces change. The environment was so friendly with a youthful entrepreneurial spirit. It helped reinforce my knowledge of responsibility, focus, drive, and ambition. I was responsible for interviewing interns, orienting them through on-boarding meetings, and helping to build HRM systems and procedures. I learned to put every theoretical knowledge I have into practice. This experience honed my skills and provided real hands-on experience which is valuable to my future career success. It was an invaluable tool to help me figure out what I want to do. Thank you Bashpole!” 
This being my first internship experience, Bashpole software exceeded my expectations in working in a real world environment. With all the provided resources and the company culture, Bashpole made a large impact on my skills and abilities as well as my personal character growth. Compared to other internship experiences I’ve heard, the interns there were assigned “busy” work with little to no guidance from mentors. Here, interns get extensive training with direct mentorship and everything we do are major contributions to the company. Personally, I was able to strengthen and acquire a plethora of transferable skills that will undoubtedly be beneficial to the rest of my professional life. Overall, I am thankful to have been a part of Bashpole and look forward to my future opportunities with this company still in mind.” 
“I learned so many things during my experience as a Human Resources intern at Bashpole Software. One of the biggest takeaways for me was the fact that my work here translated to my work in real life. Ben never underestimated me and took into consideration everything I suggested, so I felt like I truly made an impact. I was able to grow confident in myself, my work ethic, and my abilities, which in turn allowed for me to take on challenging tasks in the outside world. Not only has this internship contributed greatly to my professional life, but it’s also a perfect opportunity for those that are looking to succeed and improve as a person, as it teaches you how to be an independent — yet collaborative — individual” 

