I had the incredible opportunity to intern with Bashpole during the Covid-19 Pandemic. During this time, the entire nation was only focusing on the public health crisis. As an Ad Writing Intern, I was able to help desperate nonprofits still reach supporters and draw attention to social issues still going on even in the midst of a pandemic. In my position, I was able to connect with great individuals to work together across different teams to improve company systems so that Bashpole can continue to efficiently support great causes. The virtual experience still allowed me to join a company culture of other hardworking interns who shared a passion for technology and service. I concluded my summer with a sense of pride that I was able to successfully learn new tasks, challenge myself on different projects, and support incredible nonprofit causes. Bashpole truly pushes its interns to change the world right from their computers.” 
“My experience this summer at Bashpole has been exceptional. The amount of real world, practical information that I have learned this summer is extremely vast. I am truly grateful for all aspects of my experience at Bashpole this extends to my boss, my coworkers, clients, and the work that I was so excited to tackle for my clients. A few things I really enjoyed from the internship were the work, the meetings, and the advice given. To begin, I felt truly important with the work that I was given. It wasn’t anything like what I had heard about internship work growing up. I was able to work on projects that were crucial to not only Bashpole, but the nonprofits as well. Next, the meetings were very refreshing given the nature of remote work. It is odd to not be able to walk into the room next to you and ask a coworker or superior a question but the frequency of meetings keeps it from feeling isolated. I truly enjoyed getting to talk to my coworkers each morning, even if only for a matter of ten or so minutes. Lastly, the advice given, specifically from the RoT meetings, is extremely beneficial. It is not common for tips like the ones included in RoT meetings to be given out and written down. Normally, these are just unspoken rules that young professionals are left to discover on their own through trial and error. I found these meetings very helpful and will definitely be using the tips in the future.” 
“I’ve enjoyed the past summer at Bashpole. If you want to learn about analyzing marketing KPIs and get a chance to lead client meetings, I highly recommend applying for this position. Getting the opportunity to write Google ads and analyze ad performance in front of non-profit executives has been a huge learning opportunity for me. I also appreciated my teammates and supervisor, who were there to answer questions and help out whenever I asked for help. I am grateful that I got the chance to work at Bashpole this past summer. I appreciated the learning environment and supportive teammates.” 
“It’s a company that values everyone’s voice and collaboration. We came up with new, innovative ideas to solve problems. Interns learned how to network and collaborate with people from different backgrounds in a professional way. I learned to be a team player, problem-solving, and project management skills.” 
“To say that my time in Bashpole was amazing would be an understatement. The support system within the company is well-established and very accommodating. If you’re looking for an internship that actually makes you feel like you make a contribution, this is the one for you. In addition to analyzing data and writing ads, marketing interns also spearhead client meetings and handle a diverse portfolio of nonprofit ad accounts. Marketing interns have agency within the company structure; they make real connections with non-profit executives and work to educate their clients on Google Advertising. Bashpole’s staff are flexible in their approach to business and strongly emphasize growth mindsets, making consistent efforts to improve operations within the company. Overall, this is a perfect opportunity for people who want to expand their professional skill set!” 
“My experience this summer has been so enjoyable. I have seen a lot of growth in myself professionally and personally this summer thanks to Bashpole and this internship. The Marketing team was a great group to work with, making me feel very welcomed as a new intern and very appreciated near the end of my time with them. The management style is one that is empowering. Supervisors encourage learning and open communication over micro management and criticism. Overall, Bashpole is a great place to work.”
“My experience this summer at Bashpole was amazing! As a Marketing Season 1A intern, I was able to learn a lot of valuable skills I can apply to in my career. With hands-on training and getting feedback from Ben, I was able to use that to further enhance my skills. Further, I was able to focus on creating ads for nonprofits and work with a team to discuss any questions and help each other on creating ads. I worked on tasks that allowed me to enhance my knowledge and expertise in creating ads. With this internship, I will be able to take the knowledge that I have gained to keep on using for my future career. At Bashpole, it was nothing but a great environment to work with and great mentors like Ben who is there to give valuable feedback to help you succeed.” 
“My time at Bashpole was full of new experiences and was extremely valuable for my professional development. During my internship, I was able to speak directly to nonprofit organization leaders to show them the success of my advertisement campaigns; this not only boosted my confidence as a marketing intern, but motivated me to work harder to increase the campaign outreach. Though intimidating at first, I also learned how to efficiently network with my marketing teammates and with nonprofit leaders. The inclusive and collaborative culture made me feel free to ask any questions and encouraged teamwork across the different accounts. Additionally, the exposure to Google platforms such as Google Ads, Analytics, and Tag Manager taught me about data analytics while showing me the other side of consumerism. I truly am grateful that I was given this opportunity to grow my critical thinking skills while promoting the positive causes that the nonprofits represent.” 
“As a Marketing 1.A. intern, I think all aspects of the job went well. I learned to maintain ad campaigns, budgeting and spending, and learned how to utilize Google tools – all without accidentally disrupting the flow of success. Interacting with the clients directly went well; I didn’t have a negative experience and enjoyed building a rapport (especially with Trish from Black Pine!). Overall, this was one of the most hands-on internships I’ve had that encouraged practical skill-building, ranging from verbal communication to software proficiency. The only aspect that needs to be improved on, and is currently improving day by day, is the training. The learning curve as a new marketing intern was rigorous as it was overwhelming, and I personally needed guidance beyond the training spreadsheet. I found that the more the training guide is specified, the more extravagant it is (to the detriment of understanding and accessibility). However, I still stand that it is improving with each intern group and gradually becomes more accessible. Overall, I was given the freedom to educate myself with little pressure on time management, so I could learn it my way, making it a much more efficient process. I found that patience and confidence from Ben encouraged me to overcome the barrier of the learning curve. This actually helped me appreciate the “figure it out” approach so that I can become a capable and independent team member in any future endeavor.” 
“My experience at Bashpole Software was a tremendously worthwhile and beneficial experience for me. During my time I was able to manage over fifty-thousand dollars worth of advertising budget for non-profit companies directly and much more indirectly. I was also able to work with a team of talented individuals from a wide variety of backgrounds to give me feedback on my work and help me whenever I felt stuck on a project. During my internship, I had countless opportunities to meet with actual clients and showcase the results of the work I had been doing for them throughout the past month. This was by far the most rewarding part of the job as it gave me the feeling that my work was worthwhile and mattered to each of them. These client meetings also greatly increased my speaking and presentation skills which prior to the internship I felt like was the area I needed to improve in the most. During my time at Bashpole Software I also greatly increased my skillset in the areas of data analytics and conversion tracking which is vital in the current business world and eCommerce industry. I am truly thankful that I took this opportunity and believe that it has helped shape me into a much better job candidate, speaker, and critical thinker.”
“Prior to starting my internship, I found myself apprehensive and anxious about doing well. I was swiftly welcomed with support from my peers and Ben. The virtual work environment that Bashpole Software has created makes you feel as if you are all together and is a supportive space to share ideas. Despite making mistakes and learning along the way, I was always met with constructive comments from Ben which truly allowed me to learn a lot from this experience. I am very thankful that I was able to work alongside Ben, the other interns, and the non-profit organizations.” 

