“My 4 month experience at Bashpole was consistently positive. Throughout the internship, I had multiple opportunities to pick up new skills and learn how development in the software industry works. I liked the structure of the internship, which allowed me to be in regular communication with both Ben and the other interns. I also enjoyed being able to work with interns from departments other than software engineering, as it provided insight into every aspect of the industry. In an internship, one prioritizes the learning experience, and Bashpole certainly delivered.” 
“Throughout my internship, I gained a lot of practical experience and learned so much about the professional field of Software Engineering. Interns are given many opportunities to network among each other and meet other interns. You get the opportunity to meet with the CEO, Ben, 1-2 times a week to discuss the progress of your projects. Bashpole also has an interview process like no other; you will be given the opportunity to not just elaborate on your resume, but to truly show who you are and what your interests, and, if accepted, your projects will be tailored around what you are passionate about, creating an environment of hard-working, passionate individuals!” 
“I gained a lot of the experiences that I sought and improved my skills in different fields such as Java coding, NLP techniques, and web crawling. It was the first time for me to work in a company where people who are good in different fields can cooperate together in order to fulfill the same ultimate goal. The networking meetings enabled me to learn about things outside of my familiar fields and get a more broad view of what our company is working on. What’s more, it was also the first time for me to start with a project from the designing step. For the coursework and projects in schools, we have tutorials for projects and we can just follow that step by step. Differently, when I was assigned a task here, I only knew what the input was like and what types of output we were seeking. Thus I started with all the designations of the algorithm, such as what techniques to use, how to construct the algorithm, and how to improve the performance. During the process, I did research by myself, I got feedback from my supervisors, and I regarded this as a precious and meaningful experience.”
“Firstly, I want to express my thanks to Ben and all my teammates. Thanks for your help, and I learned a lot from all of you. I worked as a full-stack internship in the Promoter Motor team at Bashpole this summer. I have to say that this internship was a valuable experience for me. It was a great chance to combine what I have learned from school or books with a real-world project. Ben is a helpful manager and willing to talk and teach us from the very beginning, so that all the interns could know about the daily routine and start their work in a very short time. Also, Bachpole is a place that encourages networking with your peers; I made many friends here, and I believe we will be continually in contact in the future.”
“I want to express my thanks for giving me the opportunity to intern at Bashpole this summer. I gained very valuable experience that I will use in the future. The two things I enjoyed most about the internship were the group work and the project itself. The ability to work in groups allowed me to gain additional mentorship and valuable coding experience from some more experienced programmers. I also enjoyed the project itself, with the valuable experience it gave me with being able to cut down the time it takes for Bashpole to reach out to potential partners. Overall, I really enjoyed my time at Bashpole this summer and wish you the best of luck in the future. Thank you again for giving me the experience this summer. We will be in touch again in the future.”
“During the 14-week internship, I am grateful to have had the opportunity Bashpole provided me to learn from a real business project and help non-profit clients regarding their need for advertisement promotion. I experienced a full stack project and learned development of frontend and backend frameworks, and knowledge of practical architecture of web development. With great advisory at Bashpole, not only did I enhance my technical skills, but also the capability of process management and formal documentation, which is beneficial for my future career goals. Plus, I am really thankful to my great team, especially my helpful teammate and networking opportunities with other interns throughout the summer. The Rule of Thumbs at Bashpole is also another shining point for experience exchange and teamwork.”
“My three-month internship at Bashpole is a very valuable experience. As a member of the machine learning team, at first, I was nervous at whether I could handle all the tasks since I am a mathematics major, so Ben gave me enough time to do research into the field our team were working on and I gained confidence gradually. I combined my math knowledge into the application of algorithm and developed a model. With the help of my teammates, we did much data mining work and tested the model with this data. Throughout the internship, not only did I improved my understandings of machine learning algorithm, but I also found out the possibility to choose data analyst as a future career. From all the work I did, I had a deep insight into the application of math theories in solving real world problems, and I found this very attractive. I was very glad that I have the chance to work here.” 
“This internship experience generally went very well for me. The best part of this experience was that I was exposed to many challenges and pushed to learn many new things, like web scraping, dealing with databases, and information extraction. The learning experience is very different from the learning experience in school. Since I was not systematically learning the knowledge but more problem-solving-aimed learning, I was very confused at first. Sometimes I had to look up for information in different websites and try out the solutions myself for hours to solve the problem. It was somewhat frustrating at first, but I got gradually used to it and found a pattern and rhythm of solving the problem more quickly. It is also from these experiences that I learned more about the fundamentals of problems – like the security issues of the database and the calculation of TF-IDF. Additionally, I think the company provides a good vibe of connecting and communicating with other people. I have talked with many other interns and learned a lot from their experience of learning and finding a job. Especially worth noting is that I made two really good friends – Xudan and Yuge during this internship. They are both really nice and willing to teach me many things. I am sure I will continue to be in touch with them and communicate with them in the future. My supervisor, Benjamin, is also very approachable and patient in answering my questions. There were a few times that I was stuck in the project, and he helped me get started in solving the problem by giving useful suggestions.”
“The software engineering internship at Bashpole Software is one of the most enjoyable activities I have participated in this summer. Although I had no previous experience in a real life software engineering setting, by harnessing the tools I was provided before the internship started and the people to help me anytime I need it, getting into the groove of things wasn’t really bad. I would suggest not only working from home, but go out and work from a coffee shop or any place that will be a change of setting. A change of setting always helps refresh the mind. There would be days that you would not want to get out of bed early. But when you do, I will love every moment of solving real life problems that would make an impact on the company’s future directly. Another thing I liked about this experience was the projects. The project selection consisted of fun but important projects, and solving these problems was very enjoyable. I would recommend this internship to anyone who is looking for a summer internship that will help develop them as an engineer.” 
“I was motivated to apply to Bashpole Software the moment I heard of the work done here for social good. The biggest reward was knowing that some of my work contributed to combating online human trafficking. During my time as an intern, I was able to work on a variety of projects, leveraging machine learning, statistics, computer vision, and natural language processing. I appreciated that my meetings with Ben were always very collaborative and conversational, and that I had the opportunity to work on a wide variety of tasks and have a direct impact.” 
"During my internship, I acquired essential technical and problem-solving skills that will be highly applicable in my future professional endeavors. Working directly on large-scale projects with other interns allowed my communication and collaboration abilities to develop, as did weekly meetings and pair programming sessions. I was able to utilize my skills in web development to make a measurable impact on company initiatives, as well as learn more about industry technologies that are not usually taught within the classroom. I am extremely grateful to all my software teammates, as well as my mentors for helping me grow towards my career goals. Working here was a truly invaluable experience, and I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone in the early career stage looking to make a difference!"
“My internship at PromoterMotor was an incredible learning journey. I learned a lot from working on real-life projects. Through weekly team and peer meetings, I improved my communication and collaboration abilities with colleagues. I learned the process of software development from working on the project, and I also improved my skills in website development from this. I was exposed to new technical skills such as Google Apps Script, and it expanded my scope and helped to build up my resume. The networking meetings helped me improve my communication skills. I learned that networking is significant for my future career and was able to practice it. I am grateful for the experience at PromoterMotor, where I gained lots of experience and met friendly people.”
“Interning at PromoterMotor has been a remarkable experience. The company's diverse projects and commitment to nurturing interns' growth provided an outstanding learning environment. During my internship, I learned more than I initially expected, and I gained a deeper understanding of web development. The structure of the internship allowed for both individual and collaborative work, as well as meetings and communications between all interns and supervisors. Ben’s guidance, dedication to cross-departmental collaboration, and focus on our collective success made my internship invaluable. I enthusiastically recommend PromoterMotor to anyone seeking a rewarding internship experience in the software industry.” 
“During my internship, I acquired essential knowledge in diverse areas of software development and project management. My ability to communicate also improved markedly. I honed my skills in conveying complex technical concepts in a clear manner, particularly during team discussions and while interacting with my teammates and my supervisor, Ben. This proved to be crucial for successful collaboration on the project. The experience deepened my understanding of the practical aspects and responsibilities associated with a career in computer science. I came to appreciate that the field requires more than just coding skills; it also demands strong problem-solving abilities. I am profoundly grateful for this enriching experience, which has not only shaped my professional skills but also left an indelible impact on my personal growth. The camaraderie, mentorship, and hands-on experience I gained are invaluable to me. I couldn't have asked for a better platform to launch my career in computer science, and I look back on my time here with great fondness and gratitude.”
“My experience interning at Bashpole Software, Inc. was invaluable. I was able to not only work as a full-stack developer and hone my skills there but also acquire numerous soft skills that I will use in my future career. Collaboration wass a key aspect of this internship; I was encouraged to work with other interns both in and outside my department. The environment was extremely supportive, with everyone offering feedback and suggestions and made me feel welcomed and encouraged to ask questions. I would like to thank Ben, Iggy, and my fellow interns for providing me with this wonderful and fruitful experience. They really helped me create a product that I was proud of, and it felt even better seeing the impact my work had on others! I am grateful for this opportunity, and I know that the environment and people at Bashpole definitely make it worth working there and will prepare you for future jobs!” 
“My internship at Bashpole Software, Inc. was an amazing experience. Everyone at the company was accommodating and was always willing to extend a hand to help with any issues or problems I had. The projects given to me were all interesting, and these projects allowed me to learn and hone my skills as a programmer. I deepened my knowledge of Java, honed my web development skills, and learned about various technologies Google has, such as Google Apps Script. All while improving my communication and time-management skills. The environment at Bashpole promotes collaboration -— everyone is encouraged to work with each other, giving feedback and ideas relevant to their projects. My supervisors were always there to guide me while I was working on my project. They were constantly giving comments and ensured that I was always on track with my project. I’m thankful that I was given a chance to be part of Bashpole Software, Inc. and was able to work with a lot of amazing people.” 
“This internship allowed me to gain valuable experience working as a full-stack developer. I made great connections and became more familiar with some commonly used software engineering tools. In addition, it was great to know what I was working on aligned with my values. Not only was I avoiding doing something unethical, but I was actively contributing to something good in the world.”
“My 13 week long stay at Bashpole was a humongous positive learning experience. Because this was my first internship, I did not understand the dynamics and flow of the workplace, but Bashpole’s tutorials and documents really helped fill me in on what I was missing. I went into the internship not fully understanding the command line, but left it having written multiple Bash scripts to automate tasks. You’ll learn how to interact with the cloud, using industry-level tools such as AWS EC2. Benjamin Ashpole and Iggy Isiorho were always available when I needed help, and excellently guided me up the rungs of understanding. Other than software related practice, I also learned a lot about how to keep my contact professional, which will undoubtedly serve me well in the future.”
“The Bashpole experience was one of the most exciting moments I have ever had. As a member of the Software 2.A team, I gained a lot through this process. There are two things I enjoyed most: the project and the group meetings. I contributed to a project to help potential customers get the data they need and generate ads efficiently. Through this process, I had time to dive deep into Java coding, web development (Tomcat, Spring Boot, Lombok, and so on), and some NLP skills. I’m so glad that I could use my technical skills to contribute to this amazing company! Moreover, group meetings were really helpful to hone my team communication skills. A big shout out to Ben, Iggy, Bhargavi, and my teammates: all of them not only left great feedback and recommendations of my project but also patiently helped me when I got stuck. Before I left, I also wrote documentation to assist future interns understand the logic and start their work more easily. So, to whom it may concern, if you are passionate, want to learn new skills, and enjoy connecting with people, then don’t hesitate to apply! You won’t regret contributing to Bashpole, an attractive place that works hard for nonprofits. Keep in touch, Bashpole. I wish you all the best!” 
“My internship at Bashpole was an amazing learning experience and very rewarding. As my first industry-level internship, I feel that the work given to me was challenging yet manageable. I was able to learn many new skills in Java, HTML, and CSS as well as working with new software like AWS EC2. Benjamin Ashpole was a great manager and mentor and always had time to help his interns with any issues they may have with their projects. Having a mentor who really cares about his interns was an especially welcoming quality of my internship. Looking back, I can truthfully say that this internship has prepared me well for any future software engineering jobs I may get.” 
“Bashpole provided me with an invaluable SWE experience that can’t be found in college classes. From helping acquaint me with the work environment, to learning more about Virtual Environments, AWS, SQL, JSP, HTML and CSS for my full-stack LandingPage generation project, I was able to gain considerably from this internship. I was able to work with diverse and smart teams of interns that were great to get along with. I also had several mentors (Ben and Iggy) that gave me a ton of flexibility on projects, while also being super resourceful for any questions/problems I ran into during my internship. Overall, this is an internship I highly recommend to people going into SWE, as it gives incredible exposure to what the work environment truly looks like. Bashpole’s CEO Ben is fantastic person, worker, and mentor. I am incredibly grateful to both him and the rest of Bashpole for giving me this internship opportunity!” 
“I had a wonderful experience with Bashpole during the summer of 2021. Even though I had minimal experience in the real world, with Bashpole Software being my first SWE internship, I was able to get acquainted with the work environment seamlessly. In addition, all the interns working on the project were very helpful and were very willing to get me up to speed on the project, regardless of how much time it took them. This positive attitude greatly affected me as I made sure I behaved the same way, and I tried my best to ensure that interns who came in after me also had a great introductory period. I also learned a lot on the technical side as I worked as a full stack developer and used JSP, SQL, HTML, and CSS, to produce frontend and object-oriented backend for a landing page. I also had a great experience working with Iggy, who immensely helped me work through my individual project and was happy to meet with me multiple times if I needed any help troubleshooting my code. All in all, this internship helped me grow both as a person and as a software engineer. I am very grateful to Ben and his team for providing me with such a memorable experience!”
During my 6-months internship, I learned a lot of things not only related to software development (i.e. Database connection, Tomcat server, common web development programming languages…), but also some useful tips and habitats for how to become a professional person in my future career. From weekly meetings with Ben and other team members, everyone reports their updates and any concerns for the current stage of the project. If someone has specific issues with debugging or future tasks, they can always schedule another meeting with Iggy or other teammates. The scheduling method is also straightforward through Google Calendar. From my perspective, everyone is motivating and always be willing to help each other in the team, which is a really grateful environment for collaborations. Besides the team meeting, we also have all-hands meetings with other departments twice a week. During that meeting, we will get the training and discussion for common tips during the work, like email write-up formats, interview tips, coding tips, meeting preparation and so on. Finally, I appreciate Ben for providing me this position and all the experiences which I can not gain from college classes.”
“My internship at Bashpole exposed me to a lot of new concepts and areas of the software engineering world that are not typically taught in university, and I faced many challenges that helped me grow as a professional and as an engineer. I learned so many valuable lessons and skills during my 9 months at Bashpole. I worked with Google services, MongoDB, databases, front-end development, back-end development, writing code, editing code, peer-editing code, and so much more. Additionally, despite the work being remote, I expanded my professional network along the way by meeting other employees and interns in all different departments and from all over the world. Everyone, especially Benjamin, is eager to help and to answer any questions you have. It is a great environment and company to improve and expand your skills, where you feel supported and encouraged to do so. It was truly a great experience!” 

