“I am incredibly grateful that I got to intern at PromoterMotor. The company culture places a large emphasis on collaboration and helping one another out. I was able to learn so much from both my peers as well as my supervisor, Ben, who took great liberty to provide me with a wealth of knowledge and insight that I know I will be able to use in my endeavors within my future career. I was able to take on so many fun, interesting, and captivating projects that allowed me to utilize the things I had learned, from applying for and securing grants for local nonprofits to make positive change for the broader community to being able to brainstorm and conceptualize new and innovative ways we can help nonprofits. During my time here, I made professional accomplishments that motivated me to excel further in my craft and truly made me feel proud in what I was doing. I would recommend an internship with Bashpole Software for nearly anyone, but especially students who are looking to gain invaluable experience while in school.”
“Being an intern with Bashpole Software turned out to be everything I needed and nothing I expected. I needed a professional environment to develop my skills as a technical writer. I never expected to learn so much about the challenges to US nonprofits and the vast potential of online advertising to support their great works. I also never expected to get a fundamentals course in artificial intelligence! Another benefit to my professional development had to do with the opportunity to mentor and coach younger professionals, which is a type of fulfillment we often overlook as we progress through our careers. That said, I was also glad to be able to spend most of my time focused on the writing process at a less stressful pace than I have been used to. This made more room for thoughtful reflection and better quality in my output. I was glad to be able to stand back from the R&D proposal writing process, analyze it, break it down, and organize it into phases, steps, and a methodology that will hopefully serve Bashpole as a training tool. That tool should in turn help future interns achieve the lasting impacts they seek in their careers. Working on projects for government R&D proposal writing & technical writing proved to be an interesting, challenging and rewarding experience that I am sure will serve me well in my career.”
